# feelings:

# notes

# things to remember:

# things to do:
- [x] cozy commitee meeting
- [x]  meet atlas
- [ ] do some coding 
- [x] look at cats
- [ ] 
# things to do tomorrow :
- 
# overall:

## interview meeting notes
- you enjoy solo travel but you also companios. how did you solve it in the past
	- staying in hostels and meet people there. Many hostels have activity days. Otherwise wait some time until someone else is interested in joining 
- do you prefer random activity or do you prefer finding friends before you go
	- using the app you can find people with similar interests in the destination 
	- you login with google sso and on the top there are filters destinatations date type of people to travel with
	- there can be an option for family friendly or non family friendly 
	- after you press search and then there are trip rooms one per line. The trip rooms will have information. How many people are interested and how many have joined already. 
	- In the chat trip you can text each other and plan goals. You can also see the profiles of other people. 
	- There is also an activity table on what to do there
- are the groups international or are they pretty local. 
	- the app is global. You can also filter the people for the people from a specific country
- who specifies the number of people for the group
	- the person creating the group sets the limit
	- there is a deposit so not one person takes the whole responsibility of it 
- have you use an app like this before
	- no. there are some apps like this 
- we can verify the accounts 
	- to check if you are the person who you claim to be 
	- real time video movements
- how to rate people
	- we can have reliability ratings and people who travelled with you can vote and increase decrease your score 
	- star system or percentage system 
	- list of reviews from other people 
- what should teh offline mode have
	- have an offline map 
	- should have trip details 
	- we can add stuff we want for offline mode
- at the end we need to prioritize requirements
- recommend algorithm 
	- homepage list 
	- if you like asia things 
	- or previous trips 
- we can have notifications for when someone creates a trip to belgium 
	- if someone creates a trip we can notify people who also want to go there
- add friends 
	- notifications when they do something you get notified 
- verification tags
	- food lover 
	- party animal 
	-  have highlights of previous destinations and stuff like that
	- 