The internet has grown from a service used by the minority of people to something essential in our everyday life. Although this has positive effects, a downside which is often overlooked is how internet connected devices allow hackers to gain access to sensitive information. This trend has been especially dangerous with IoT devices, which are designed by small companies and do not receive proper software support leaving them vulnerable to many threats which they would be protected with up to date software. In the past devices did not save or collect any personal information because their task was something simple like opening and closing blinds or turning off the lights. A recent trend has reversed this trend and now IoT devices store more and more personal information which if not properly protected could fall into a malicious actor's possession.  There has been research to provide solutions for this specific problem. This essay will showcase two different ways which are actively being researched to prevent this security leak.

The literature on the Ethereum blockchain focuses on using the blockchain as a distributed database as well as using a password and a QR code to authenticate users. The system is build into three parts, the frontend, the blockchain and the node. The frontend is built using javascript, there are two parts the admin and the user. The admin is able to view and manage all the users while the user is only able to generate QR codes and manage their account. If a user account is an admin then the system automatically redirects them to the appropriate web portal without any actions on their part, otherwise only the user web portal is shown. The blockchain servers are responsible for the system's servers and hosting all of the information required for the system to function, this serves two main purposes as it offers redundancy as well as allowing the researchers to not worry about hosting their own servers for the information.Smart contracts are used to facilitate the communication between subsystems and the blockchain. To create a new user the user must add a picture and their name so the system is able to recognise them. The node subsystems are responsible for controlling and giving users access to enter rooms after they are authenticated. The aim of this system is to secure rooms of a house and it is able to replace smart cameras we are using with other algorithms which are more secure and are harder to access using the internet since most of the information about the user stays on premises. Many conditions need to be met for the system to unlock a door which is harder to bypass rather than using only a username and password which a bruteforce attack could unlock. 
During initial testing a parameter which was taken into account was the time it took until a new user could be created and for the system to integrate them. The theoretical answer was 197 while the test in real life took a bit over 202 seconds. Further research is needed but this new method is more secure than the internet based web cameras we are using currently as it is harder to bypass them. 

The second paper details multifactor authentication to improve the security of medical devices and medical information. There are certain challenges inherent when it comes to securing health data. One of the biggest ones is the vast difference between devices, this means that is a variety of software running on them and securing all these devices is near to impossible. Another major factor is the low price of these devices which mean that it is not sustainable for the manufacterur to continue to support them as it will not cover the costs. This behavior leaves the devices vulnerable to a variety of attacks which have been resolved in later updates to the software. To improve this behavior, the authors split the connection sequence between the hospital and the device in four sections. The first section is authenticating the user and the device to the cloud.Secondly they bind the user and the local device to the patients network, thirdly provide device specific secret to the cloud as credential and lastly revoke the connection to the device when all necessary information was transmitted. The termination of the connection ensures no one is able to use the device again maliciously. A lightweight system is used to connect to the hospital network since most edge devices have limited capabilities and processing power, a lightweight system is needed to ensure they are able to use the algorithm. To achieve this after discussing many different algorithms they settled on physically unclonable functions. This ensures that the algorithms can not be cloned which is very important as they provide access to the network of the hospital and to sensitive patient information. 

The two ways to protect patients information from potential attackers still need more research but they appear to be very promising. Both studies are helping to to grow the field of cyber security. The first study presents a blockchain-based approach for securing physical access control systems. There is a lot of research left to be done but there has been progress which would allow 